My name is Christian Flury.
I am living in Wangen near Dübendorf
2a
in the surroundings of Zürich in Switzerland.
What you see in front is the airfield of Dübendorf
which originally used to be Zurich's airport
but eventually was used for military purposes only.
Not so long ago the airforce stopped using it, too.
Now the airfield is serving several purposes
but it's still uncertain what's to be done with it in the future.
In the foreground - very small - are a couple of private jets
belonging to attendees of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos.
They are being parked here on the military airfield
and usually the passengers continue their trip to Davos by helicopter.
The temperature of 6 degrees Celsius at 2:30 in the afternoon
is unusually high for the season being.
There used to be many more private jets
16a
but today is the WEF's last day
and quite some people have departed already.
This is the view on the village of Wangen
having preserved a beautiful old village center
with farm houses and a village square.
In this direction is the city of Zurich.
It is attractive to live in this place
because here is the transition from city to the countryside.
Now we are looking towards the city
24a
there is almost an urban character
whilst in the opposite direction - not visible from here
there are meadows, forests and fields - truely the countryside.